let's go to a couple questions that
we've actually received
since we started the webcast the first
is on population growth and the question
is one of our most
pressing issues is population growth how
do you
uh expect this to be addressed
well the population growth issue at the
global level
is not that daunting that is the
population percentage-wise is growing
slower today
than in the past and so it
will actually peak out the problem is
that the population is growing the
fastest where
people are less able to deal with it so
it's in the very
poorest places that you're going to have
a tripling in population by 2050
and so their ability to feed educate
provide
jobs stability protect the environment
in those locations mean you know they're
faced with an almost impossible problem
northern nigeria yemen chad
and so what we need to do is
take this age generosity in this
innovation and go into those places
offer the women better tools where they
want to
space birthing or have a smaller family
size
and improve health because it's
amazingly as
as children survive parents feel like
they'll have enough kids to support them
in their old age and so they choose
to have less children nigeria right now
it's still
seven children per family
whereas in the richer countries uh
you're often at
a stable point of which is 2.1 or even
less
and so it's really an acute problem in a
certain number of places and we've got
to make sure
that we help out with the tools now so
that they don't have an impossible
situation later